Okay  understood and my name is Amarnath and so ours is a general like software engineering company where we focus mostly on healthcare as primary and then secondary, we also do e-commerce and any business support that any entity needs, right? It would be like marketing whatever you mentioned just now, SEO, any digital transformation that people require, we would help them out with that. In this scenario, right, maybe some details like, you know, what is the current, like capacity of the lab and, you know, what are the kinds of tests and things like that if you are able to give? And the reason I asked about capacity is because let's say now there is obviously SCO will be like more more like reactive. There's nothing productively we are doing. We will definitely do it SEO. And then it is a matter of time, you know, as and when the page keeps building up and then over time, let's say in a month or two, it will become like you will be resulting on the Google pages, like the first page or any other search criteria or things like that. That is level one. Next is like, let's say if we are able to like let's say if you go to our website, right? I'll just give you an example packages. So I'll just paste it here. If you go through I'm trying to one second. Okay. So this link, Doctor, if you' able to go, it's like whatever services we have, we have just packaged it. Like obviously, you must also have like, you know, a health care package since you mentioned, right? So those details, if you're able to provide to us, then SEO is a first step, it will be done. Next is, like say, the AI-b thing that you're talking about, right? It will be like, let's say, using the ad ecosystem, let's say it could be a Facebook ads, Google ads, or even the Instagram or YouTube, right? We' create certain content in a very neutral manner in which, like, uh, it will give some direction to people who are like, you know, uh, maybe looking because these ads are also targeted, right? You'll have a certain audience, obviously, in your mind. So theital platforms will let the audience who are right for you only click and engage with the ad. And that will also create a funnel, right? So these both will drive each other, like the SEO drives the ads, ads, drives the SEO, these both work together. Weekend definitely work on getting more information about what kinds of tests is the lab capable of, right? And then create certain ad content, first thing. And then make the inflow happen. SO will do it in a way that, you know, any website does, because that's more like a competitive thing. Like, for example, if you open Google, right? And I say, hey, I want to do some blood test of this kind ABC kind, it's basically a competition with literally a real lab that is available. Now, are we doing a best job amongst like everybody who is like, because if you at it like any hospital like Apollo Manipal or even any lab like I don't care or anything, these are all also there, right? But how are we expecting to rank above them, it will become it' not be like a head-on strategy never works, right? So that's where you create your niche, create your segment or, you know, some localities based on things. Create some, like, as you said, campings, we don't need to do an real world camping. We can do an online camping, right? So these kind of things can be done. Ideally, the end result will be that there is more traffic towards the lab, right? Then we can measure it. Like, okay, we did this, it's working this way. And we did this and we were working this way. So the link which I pasted also has that information. You know, what we do on the marketing side is COI on the bottom, if you scroll. And everything, let's say even your services, right, if you are able to keep it digital in a way that you know, your customers, let's say, are engaging with you First of all, booking, picking up the time slot, do you use a third- party or is it something that you yourself have? Okay. But the sample pick up it. Is it like some third party which is engaging or Okay. So it depends again, if it meets a scale, right? So bec an apartment, I mean, appointment for the person to visit their home or something like that. And then the whole transaction of how the sample is collected, what's happening in the lab, it will be more competitive than anything that even Orange Health or thyroare provides, right? It will be, you can expect a platform way beyond that see, because however small your lab is, right, you're basically wanting to maximum utilise whatever equipment you have. At the end of the day, that's what any lab's aim is, right? And we will make sure that the platform is scheduling things, not just the collection, but also the tests when they are done. And everybody's getting updated in a real time. So first thing is like, you know, these kind of experience that a customer is facing with your lamp can be given in a way that it is at par or even more with than any of the platforms that is available, right? So now say basically then your packages need not to beages one time. It could be like repetitive, right? You can say like, hey, you know what, this test is there. You would need to repeat it at this much time and let's say we don't even need to do an app app will be there. And let's say if it's a digital platform on a website or like something that a person has registered, they are getting notifications on SMS, WhatsApp, a Tegram, or something like that. So that continuous engagement tippet is there, although it will start like maybe, you know, whatever pace, it depends on the content and how the marketing strategy is going. But over time, if you keep it consistent, you know, you'll reach a certain goal that any lab would be aspiring to. So it's a combination of all of this. SCOS, creating content, which is market ready and people are able to see and then, you know, get interested and get in touch, medium to get in touch. And then a way so that, you know, they are not losing track, a single platform will be able to be available so they can interact. Although, however small you are, it is easy to make you look big. All right? Right. So that eh, I mean, we're just talking, throwing ideas Dr. Shushman, like, you know, you can, you, tell what you are feeling about it also. Yeah, it's not just an app. Basically, there has to be some digital medium. Even if I log into a website also, basic. So we can create a path of you, what is happening today with you and then where you are trying to reach. And then all the enabs that we discussed today, right now, as like, okay, this is happens in this time, this happens this time. And then we keep measuring the impact of it each time. Like obviously based on the number of inflow happening. Right? Correct. Let's say if some marketing content is working out, we would try to expand that itself, right? More because more impressions, the more reach there is Right. Yeah, every digital medium possible, like, say, for example, if we I mean, we do have mediums where we can get in touch with a list of phone numbers, but the only thing is, you know, it is not very accurate with a demographic that you are trying to target. But these ads give that platform to not waste your reach into where it is not necessary. Like, you don't want to advertise to a 15 year old kid, like, you know? Those things we can take care, but I just wanted to understand, like, what do you feel about whatever we discussed. Is that something you need or is it aligned with what you're thinking? But you're able to facilitate, let's say, if I'm going for a health care package, right? I like, for example, some of the bigger hospitals have this packages like basic, medium, Pro, and full healthcare. So that you're able to that's enough, because at the end of the day, yeah. Right. Right. Yeah. So that is what we need to create that funnel on the top then, right?.m not. Yeah. First thing is, like, this is I'm considering is a basic introduction, right? At least to get an idea about what we are thinking, you, and we can sit down and whatever we discuss right now, it can become a broader plan, like, you know, a documented plan. so that we have a document and a view of what happens. We can estimate the timeline. You can have a look at the timeline and see what you think about it, right? And again, also it comes with a cost factor, which we are very flexible with in a way that, you know, because also Dr. Pavan was when they were also mentioning, right? So. Yeah, so, yeah, you can definitely see, because we have we obviously, like, if you go out to go to our packages thing that it comes with the cost. It's very transparent in like, okay, you know what, if you want this, this is the cost. It's there, right? On the page that the link that I pasted, if you go, it's all there. But there is also a way that in which we sometimes, when people, let's say, are starting off new or they are not established, obviously our business is not just to work with established lights, is to enable businesses to grow to a certain scale. That is also, since our expert is that we want to make use of that and to prove that we can enable payments to be done later on when there are results. Like an outcome based payments are okay. We can model something out in that manner also. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.. Understood. Yeah, yeah. Understood. Yeah. Sure. Yeah. So rather than quotation, Dr. Sman, like, I would say, let's work on the plan, because I can be fully convinced that, you know, when I say outcome based, whatever it is, uh, once we are solid with the plan, I can expose you to whatever the cost is going to be, and it is not going to be as much, because you can already get an idea with this. We will have a cost factor, but I can say that, you know, it will vary, but rather than focussing on the quotation, we can focus on what the plan is, what the outcome we are trying to reach to. Three months. Three months. We... They got their thoughts. Yeah. Yeah, I mean, this is what would be the process, but this whole thing we can we will document it after this call, maybe like in one or two days time over the weekend, we'll send it out. Like what is going to happen when so that, you know, we have that. Yeah. All right, great. All right, man. Thank you so much. Thank you